in addition to a sporting achievement delivered above all the team spirit
was repeatedly highly praised the whole world were thrilled
from our boys the name seemed team
so that it will stay that way at the upcoming football World Cup
Of course we also have to provide for new blood
Martinsried near Munich has been running a McDonald's special for a year
promotion
for young football talents
controls here
she is more mature
H
that does not help
Driving the first jersey might suggest a junior team's
Dutch national football team No «Das
are the boys of the book world of DJK Würmtal
and this is not a normal football club
In cooperation with the Munich football school, the children learn
led by coach David Niedermeier
Basic knowledge of football in a special way
every child plays every position that we get to know each position again
in the game structure as in the defense the other is that with us all children
be allowed to play football in equal parts
that means here there is no division into good or bad
footballer
Everyone should learn from each other and benefit
Therefore, there is no real at the Munich football school
Requirement profile for inclusion in a team
Magdeburg
even then maybe one
the DAAD
Globally marketed may
we have very talented guys here who whose guys are the ones
On the way to train or 60 are always in the observation
But they are not
Absolutely homogeneous they also have judiciary maybe physically
Next are technically furthest and the goal is simply the gap between
To close strong and weak play it is the weak games
then to bring in the stronger player that just works
if you support the weaknesses games they also play food
Although in equal parts as strong players too
that due to this fact the success must be pending on the back disturbs at the
DJK Würmtal nobody
because in the construction of this project, the result is secondary
Not least the fact that it is not even on the position proves that
gives the goalkeeper a firm disposition
maybe in the age minds over specifically trained tickets
additionally trained
I have no time for that right now so let's take care of it
We are not specifically one in spite of every player goes into the goal
Place to meet man from the Tauber sells
and most of all, I'm in the back and as the last man
I have the biggest pressure situation and the music like try next
to solve technical and that is a difficult office Worms profile
makes the kids at the start
the boys themselves are enthusiastic about this philosophy
106 most can use 1
Bernanke not at the coach very well you learn with left and right
shoot you just keep coming
Personal details 4 ticks
here painting never owes so long did not learn so in the world because
Between technique and speed up and Cancer Nicole served the action of his
Quickness I find good trainer course and we have a good course
Team and that can achieve a lot
Waltz is also great fun here
That this fun is in the foreground is partly because of the
Coach not on criteria such as condition
Endurance or strength
the ball is ready good I'm full of Barth Edwards than expected
rather, the technical training is the central point of this project
this includes an extensive repertoire of 66 6 their application in
Training and to be automated in the game
Movies made the experience that kids
when you teach them tricks that she is now developing secret passion
for those tricks and it then leads to so close spirals is that the
children
they are still motivated to learn something special and they feel
thus better self-confidence
around and thus it is also guaranteed that in their free time just as well
to practice
and believe that they are doing that special thing in the end as well
and it just happens they are technical and maybe colleagues too
to be much better
and that may even lead to her eventually listening
will have their role models they should already have a minute now
Arjen Robben people 11 points tricks
So my favorite player is orphaned
from Maren Spain
and I mean my life he
almost half as I have and this year everyone is profound
Schweinsteiger
he think that is not very good
and van Bommel was caught price differential here is a first
"Because it's easy because I dont fall to 6 5 percent at each
Players together because that leaves so fast
a he
once torture but the technicians to Perm
govern there
percent
he remains the sorrow of the mediator to the extent of expensive and continues to fight
doubt
We have the guys of the DJK Würmtal in the future
excel but also learn to fight
then it could be that one or the other of them
The direct hit lands and in the best case even professional footballer
Double victories Bezerra at the Schöneberger
except on weekends